The President:
Hi, everybody.
This week, I visited a company
in Raleigh, North Carolina,
that helps make electric motors
that save businesses
money on energy costs
and cut harmful
carbon pollution.
And I stopped by
N.C. State University,
where engineers are set
to develop the new technology
that will make those
motors even better.
It's part of my push not only
to make America home
to more high-tech
manufacturing -
but to make
America more attractive
for the good jobs that a
growing middle class requires.
And increasingly, we are.
Thanks in part to our
all-of-the-above strategy
for American energy,
for the first time
in nearly two decades,
we produce more oil
here at home
than we buy from
the rest of the world.
We generate more renewable
energy than ever,
and more natural
gas than anybody.
Health care costs are growing
at their slowest
rate in 50 years -
due in part to the
Affordable Care Act.
And since I took office,
we've cut our deficits
by more than half.
So we are primed to bring
back more of the good jobs
claimed by the recession,
and lost to overseas
competition in recent decades.
But that requires
a year of action.
And I want to work
with Congress this year
on proven ways to create jobs,
like building infrastructure
and fixing our broken
immigration system.
Where Congress isn't acting,
I'll act on my own to put
opportunity within reach
for anyone who's willing
to work for it.
That's what I did in Raleigh
by launching America's
second "manufacturing
innovation institute."
It's a partnership between
companies, colleges,
and the federal government
focused on making sure American
businesses and American workers
win the race for
high-tech manufacturing
and the jobs that come with it -
jobs that can help
people and communities
willing to work hard punch their
ticket into the middle class.
I firmly believe
that this can be
a breakthrough
year for America.
But to make that happen,
we're going to have to act -
to create good jobs
that pay good wages,
and to offer more Americans
a fair shot to get ahead.
That's what I'm focused on every
day that I have the privilege
of serving as your president.
That's what I'm
going to be focused on
every single day of this year.
Thanks,
and have a great weekend.